BZ2089824: Deleting a baremetalhost order (#46022)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-install-replacing-a-bare-metal-control-plane-node.adoc

.Procedure

> . Remove the old `baremetalhost` and `machine` objects:

Reviewer: In the important admonition at the start of this module, the "`BareMetalHost` object" is referred to. You could either change your "`baremetal` object" references throughout this PR to use the same capitalisation as in the admonition, or vice-versa. I recommend reviewing which of the two is the correct capitalisation for the object name. My guess is that it's "`BareMetalHost`", based on the YAML in step 2.

Author: @pneedle-rh You're right and it seems that `machine` should be `Machine` as well. Updated accordingly

Reviewer: Thank you for highlighting that. Please also review if `node` should be `Node` when referring to the object.

Reviewer: Looking through the docs library, the `Node` object is capitalised too.

Author: Thank you, Paul!

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete bmh -n openshift-machine-api vmaster-0
$ oc delete machine -n openshift-machine-api kni1-master-0
----
+

> After removing the `baremetalhost` and `machine` objects, then the baremetal-operator deletes the `node` object automatically.

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion. wdyt ?
```suggestion
After you remove the `baremetalhost` and `machine` objects, then the baremetal-operator deletes the `node` object automatically.
```

Author: Updated :)

> After removing the `baremetalhost` and `machine` objects, then the baremetal-operator deletes the `node` object automatically.

Reviewer: You could also change ", then the baremetal-operator deletes" to the following:

> , the Bare Metal Operator deletes...

.Procedure

. Remove the old `BareMetalHost` and `Machine` objects:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete bmh -n openshift-machine-api vmaster-0
$ oc delete machine -n openshift-machine-api kni1-master-0
----
+

> After you remove the `BareMetalHost` and `Machine` objects, then the Bare Metal Operator automatically deletes the `Node` object.

Reviewer 3: FWIW it is the Machine controller and not the baremetal-operator that deletes the Node.
